pip install for Python Druid API (#13938)
apache/druid: examples/quickstart/jupyter-notebooks/README.md

# Jupyter Notebook tutorials for Druid

> If you are reading this in Jupyter, switch over to the [- START HERE -](-START%20HERE-.ipynb)

Author: Renamed start with 0. It'll be easier to work with this file that way also, as opposed to having to do something like `git rm -- -START\ HERE-.ipynb`

    jupyter notebook --port 3001
    ```

> - The Python API client for Druid. From the Druid repo in `examples/quickstart/jupyter-notebooks/druidapi`

Reviewer: Do we say anywhere that they need to clone the repo first in this file? It says it in the druidapi README

Also `From the Druid repo in ...` sounds kinda awkward although I'm not sure if what I suggested is any better :| 

```suggestion
- The Python API client for Druid. In `examples/quickstart/jupyter-notebooks/druidapi` of the Druid repo,
```

Author: Updated to include clone and cd instructions

  install `druidapi` with the following command:

  ```bash

>   pip install .

Author: This is listed in the previous line:
> - The Python API client for Druid. From the Druid repo in `examples/quickstart/jupyter-notebooks/druidapi` install ..

  ```

> - An available Druid instance. You can use the `micro-quickstart` configuration
>   described in [Quickstart](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/tutorials/index.html).

Reviewer: micro-quickstart is gone. I thought we fixed that
```suggestion
- An available Druid instance. You can use the [quickstart deployment](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/tutorials/index.html).
```

    jupyter notebook --port 3001
    ```

> - The Python API client for Druid. From the Druid repo in `examples/quickstart/jupyter-notebooks/druidapi`
>   install `druidapi` with the following command:
> 
>   ```bash
>   pip install .

Author: `````suggestion
- The Python API client for Druid. Clone the Druid repo if you haven't already.
Go to your Druid source repo and install `druidapi` with the following commands:

  ```bash
  cd examples/quickstart/jupyter-notebooks/druidapi
  pip install .
`````

    jupyter notebook --port 3001
    ```

- The Python API client for Druid. Clone the Druid repo if you haven't already.
Go to your Druid source repo and install `druidapi` with the following commands:

  ```bash
  cd examples/quickstart/jupyter-notebooks/druidapi

>   pip install .

Reviewer 2: Not directly related to your change, but we have both `pip` and `pip3` referenced in this README file. It'd be good to just reference one version, perhaps `pip` as python2 is long deprecated now

Author: Good call, updated

  ```

> - An available Druid instance. You can use the [quickstart deployment](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/tutorials/index.html).

Reviewer 3: maybe not for this PR, but if we're having them start Juypter in a notebook, we can also give them the option to fire up Druid that way.
